Ahora que sabemos cómo consultar datos simples, intentemos una consulta más compleja.

Este es un contrato desplegado en la red principal - en esta dirección: <a href="https://etherscan.io/address/0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7#code" target="_blank">https://etherscan.io/address/0xdac17f958d2ee523a2206206994597c13d831ec7#code</a>

Vamos a consultar el contrato para encontrar el nombre de su token.

La variable **nombre** es una variable de estado del contrato.

Para acceder a este contrato **mainnet**, tenemos que hacer algo de configuración.

1. Cambie a la red principal en metamask.
2. Probablemente tendrás que actualizar Remix.
3. As a result of the refresh, you may need to reload this tutorial too.
4. Go to Deploy & Run and switch to **Injected Web3**.

**Using Web3**
In the script, queryContract.js, we need to instantiate a new instance of web3.eth.Contract object.  For this we need to grab the contract's ABI and its address.  The source code & ABI is available in etherscan because the contract's developer intentionally published it.

In etherscan, we can see that its name is **TetherToken**.  Scrolling down to the TetherToken contract in the source code section of etherscan, we can see the state variables for the contract - the first of which is named **name**.

There are a few syntactic hoops to jump through to return the value of the state variable.

- To call the autogenerated getter function of the public state variable, you need to both treat the variable as a function (by adding parentheses) and also to tack on a call().
